Update PHP 3rd-party Libraries section (#6007)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/server/php/index.md

If you only need support for PHP5, the team at Underground Elephant has released a [3rd-party library](https://github.com/uecode/segment-io-php) based on Guzzle.

> Alt Three Segment is a Segment bridge for Laravel and the GitHub repo can be found here: ALTTHREE/SEGMENT

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AltThree Segment is a Segment bridge for Laravel. The GitHub repo can be found here: [ALTTHREE/SEGMENT](https://github.com/AltThree/Segment) {:target="_blank”}. 
```
